[SH-386] Multi URLs: add docs on multiple shared dash and new list page (#30432)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/sharing/shared_dashboards.md

## Overview

Shared dashboards in Datadog allow external users or those who prefer not to log in to view your dashboards. You can create multiple shared dashboards, each with its own set of configuration options.

To share a dashboard, click on "Share" then Share dashboard" at the top right of the dashboard page. To view or edit existing shared dashboards, click "Share" then "Manage shared dashboards".

{{< img src="/dashboards/sharing/shared_dashboards/manage_shared_dashboards.png" alt="Example of an manage shared dashboards modal" style="width:90%;" >}}

> All shared dashboards in the org and their public accesss settings are listed in the [Shared Dashboards page][2]. You can also add additional security configurations, such as disabling specific sharing types, or setting the Maximum Access Period for invitations in the [Public Sharing Settings page][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All shared dashboards in the organization and their public access settings are listed on the [Shared Dashboards page][2]. You can also add additional security configurations, such as disabling specific sharing types, or setting the Maximum Access Period for invitations on the [Public Sharing Settings page][3].
```
